oh shit Oh people raised about some
beliefs today raised about some wreaths
cuz I love me some meat
I love reasonably yeah bleep anyways we
said before hey 343 before I get started
man let me get this serious talk right a
serious talk about phone okay
okay by yours truly the Beast before you
in Chapter we get a little panel has a
key Bay now mostly people try to know
something he bade his redeem moment was
probably the totality end of that when
our eyes was leaving you know he had a
little thing it wasn't a robbery
he got shit like who cares he didn't do
shit but in this shot that he got
shitting it on and and this panel you
see his chest get all fucked up okay
just get destroyed real quick and he's
also the right-hand man of yamamoto
Catholic a minyan moto and he may seem
and look like he's dead but half the RAM
people is bleach okay it's cool he's
left control and bleach motherfuckers
don't die okay people get cut in half
and still survive and most likely
Southwark eBay he's alive his chest
probably all fucked up he should be dead
but most likely he's a lot but moving on
he got intercept you know guess yeah
almost a bro
yeah go to the Eisenberg I am security
uh I'm almost here Donnie I am the
security I broke up said the eyes you
know I'm saying even though dude the
masked man toe like oh yeah almost look
like bro your security is weak I am
security I'm all the ski I need to get
out need mm-hmm bitch go to Isaac okay
that's a great excuse yeah I'm all
secured I need okay that's why you don't
need to protect and have high-end
security because you also slightly needs
yeah yeah I'm going to fuck the Phoenix
Oaks at the alley bro
just you so confident you can defend all
attacks you can defend everybody stick
it in so honey fucking shit up you are
insta-curities
y'all mostly you are so lucky you can
defense all say against all odds and all
tax cuz your security your knee no
fuckin a squads you'll need people
watching the gates or Washington two
years coming
you don't need that cuz you watch that
you almost you all secured y'all here
you need bro yeah look at the I design
pretty much you know got got Ichigo
being I don't know why Koopa insists on
making Ichigo a bum ass fucking
character crusty character once again I
repeat recycle same shit he doesn't
learn he's been taught by top-tier
people but he's dumped me like he does
not listen he does not fucking learn
shit okay I have is provoking him and he
knows I was provoking him but anything
he knows the trap
he knows the trap but it's go dumbass
did you go oh he's provoking me but I'm
gonna give in I was like oh
each go why use your bankai Ichigo why
use your bankai bro Oh Ichigo why not
use your bond I use a bongo oh she's
provoking me oh I'm gonna give in bankai
and Ivan did something to eat she goes I
can depend like this up to his hand you
know he broke like something a piece of
like ichigo's like hand arm area he
probably like mess up his spiritual
pressure or su or it took some his
fullbring power or something it's it's
Ichigo spot because go he knows a trap
but he insists on doing doesn't bankai
really bro you have to go bankai to
fight Ivan son is that readiness again
before in a bleach get better learn some
new moves bro gets a cut in show broke
the fuck oh come the fuck on stop with
the cluster shit do you really have to
go bankai for Ivan I guess Ivan do you
really go bankai yeah and Ichigo was
telling Ivan I was talking to himself
like ah I seen it before each of the has
that he's a Quincy but he has that man
like our wrong car any topic out who he
is you know in that shit that Ivan had
that ability it wasn't it wasn't a bow
it's a pretty much ability that I can he
could shoot out like like crazy shit
Ichigo like crazy fucking in energy
beams i Ichigo and cuts to uh
yamamoto and you know the massive group
of people and the massacre people
telling y'all moto
yeah we fuck up your little boy you know
you were you little guy every Satsuki
Bay and and he's and he said uh and uh
he tell you almost in five days suicide
will be annihilated like we never had
that before him bleed you know everybody
says that she and what we don't destroy
us also our heroes are thee but he told
me almost two in five days so site will
be annihilated by the bond London rack
so much Ambani rich you know come down
to the end so so so he has five days to
gear up get ready but we don't have to
worry about that because captain
Yamamoto he he can he can do it she he's
he's all they need okay he can go out
there and defeat this group people but
he they have five days until sort of
they will be annihilated by the Vonda
Dutch people I guess her name is but uh
ichigo bomb really bonk i really am i
pants on you you you're easily provoked
and he knows he's provoking you and you
know the trap but you insist I'll go in
the trap why Google why do you insist on
making you question why why why well
that's breach at the 43 you people your
thoughts on Ivan did I then take a piece
of Ichigo you know to defeat Ichigo they
fuck up his jutsu is personal pressure
they fuck up his fullbring or so we were
abilities or what did I even do to
Ichigo he did something to eat you go he
did something but uh anyways pretty much
yes you got there listen forty-three yes